hi there I met here for advice media and
in this video we will discuss about the
LG optimus l3 ii dual now talking about
the phone it's actually a very smart
phone and comes with a very small form
factor as you can see it comes in a very
small form factor comes with a very cool
cute looking design and comes at a very
good price now when you talk about the
price this phone is priced at around
eight thousand eight hundred rupees
while it's actually available in the
market around 7000 or 8000 who pays now
I would say that if the company would
actually wanted to sell this product in
good numbers then they should have
actually launched it at around the price
of around five to six thousand rupees in
the Indian market censoring the form
factor the screen display size and the
features which comes on this mud phone
overall the price a little bit higher
maybe like twenty percent higher but
apart from that the phone comes with the
bill decent benchmarks course it
actually has a better benchmark score
than the Samsung Galaxy S which is the
first generation android smartphone from
Samsung in the galaxy s series when
apart from that this phone can actually
play a pretty decent number of games
while we have disturbed them on the
smartphone so all the phone actually can
handle pretty decent amount of stuff you
can use applications like whatsapp
perfectly on this device and the video
call feature won't be working cuz
there's no front camera on the same but
you can always use a back camera we
would like to just do a video call and
apart from that i'm pretty much
impressed with this phone but i am only
not impressed in terms of the pricing
part because it's priced at very high
price if it has been launched around
5000 or 6000 rupees then this should
have been a hit while samsung has
launched another computer called the
samsung galaxy star at 5000 rupees which
is actually getting a huge support from
the consumers in terms of the sales but
this is in getting those numbers so as
you should actually try to drop the
price or properly launch another version
of the same smartphone with some better
specs at a lower price then this is
something which is actually recommended
so this was quick OVO and review of the
LG optimus l3 to d1 and if you are
planning to buy a dual-sim smartphone
with the gigahertz processor then this
is something which you should go for but
again
there are few the products in the market
like Samsung Galaxy star or the Xolo a
fire which comes with 5 megapixel camera
with a similar processor but a better
display screen size their song 4 inches
and if LG actually drops the price of
this smartphone then this is something
which is recommended thanks for watching
do like this video if you actually like
the content and will keep you updated
with more videos on advice media thank
you